docs: one-off scripts location and docs (#423)
ebi-ait/hca-ebi-dev-team: README.md

# Dev Team
Repository for hca ebi dev team agile management. See [zenhub board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/operations-5fa2d8f2df78bb000f7fb2b5/board?repos=232300832,261790554).

## one-off scripts

> Any one-off scripts that doen't have a dedicated location should be maintained in the [scripts](scripts/) directory. See the readme there for more instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any one-off scripts that doesn't have a dedicated location should be maintained in the [scripts](scripts/) directory. See the [readme file](scripts/readme.md) for more instructions.
```
